and all with you Vlad and I long Internet
and found
minecraft version of 20 legs write that i'm not
there is a myth and others write that
this is an april fools but I’m for sure
I do not know who and did it at all or mod
any way to do it
well let's create a world see
what's new there so creative mode
create a new world so wait for now
the world is generated here so
long generation
so here it is generated the world immediately
a long lightning all over this it is with us that
that is, nobody is piggy in leather cows
leather armor
slaughter cow so okay look
farther
Firstly, it is unrealistic to fps it
first time so well, I 'll show you all quietly
so you can give up threw us in
inventory so block we have any so
we have a demigod tnt
the entire repair base explodes whether it downloaded
I recently literally
yes it explodes and come in as usual
etc.
I think this should not be even
from nt anvil appeared and so on
let's see yes it is tnt
making anvils regiments
wolf that it is so all see what's here
should be maybe so well
okay, let's see what we have
added more protection here we add
still blocks new glass blocks
Well, let's take four cycles here with us
black us red
green and brown so still what not
added
yes again asked fu tests and what's new
show can not see anything here torch
burning so it is a burnt torch here it is
extinguished
what else do we have
we have nothing here, too, nothing
maybe up to no new food is not added
so to take the golden apple look
maybe she does
can i rather read what i can
feed him no animal do not eat him
throw everything
and if there is no such golden apple
also do not see so well, that look so
there is nothing new here, too, we have nothing
no, and here we have nothing surprising that
for garbage
wow wow that wasn't him
unexpectedly when all these mobs appeared
let's make it easy now
take them all so here they all disappeared yes
so it was unexpected and when they
all appeared in the armor well, think for yourself
Myth or reality write in comments
What do you think about this himself was
signed channel put likes join
to VKontakte group
see you soon